Disjoint with wrong referent ~0 EoE:
	The winning sniper eliminated the terrorist. He was a talented assassin. 0.458053
	The healthy heart pushed blood with care. It was a single-minded muscle. 0.247563
	The precision knife scratched the school fence surrounding the park. It was a weak and ineffective. 0.579397 	
	The proactive people staged a march against the unrepresentative government. They were committing atrocities. 0.517778
	The hardworking students perused the comedy books. They were enjoying the experience. 0.590415

Disjoint with right referent ~0 EoE: 
	The activist people organized a strike against the dismissive government. They were denying basic freedoms. CF: 0.765117
	The sailors escaped off the navy boats. They were saving their crew. CF: 0.706739
	The energetic people staged a walkout against the government. They were fighting for their rights. CF: 0.570472

Spider high EoE no referent: (1415)
 'The resourceful sailors escaped off the boats. They were suffering structural damage.',
 'The storm disrupted the commercial flight. It was causing flash floods.',
 'The winning sniper killed the dangerous terrorist. He was a barbaric dictator.',
 'The sailors left the navy boats. They were facing the storm.',
 'The serrated knife scraped the old fence surrounding the garden. It was a separating the yards.',
 'The sniper took out the terrorist. He was a ruthless assassin.',
 'The monstrous storm destroyed the flight. It was bringing high winds.',
 'The diligent birds chose the overlooked seeds. They were a quick snack.',
 'The sniper assassinated the notorious terrorist. He was a precise marksman.',
 'The sharp knife scratched the fence effortlessly. It was weak and unstable.',

Disjoint high EoE no referent: (572) 
 'The skillful heart pushed muscle-oxygenating blood that nourished cells. It was a life-invigorating fluid.',
 'The heart pumped blood that maintained life. It was a blood-pressure-controlling liquid.',
 'The sniper took aim the ruthless terrorist. He was a barbaric bomb maker.',
 'The winning sniper killed the dangerous terrorist. He was a barbaric dictator.',
 'The diligent birds pecked at the mouth-watering seeds. They were a filling food.',
 'The treacherous storm cancelled the flight. It was flying to Hawaii.',
 'The diligent birds chose the overlooked seeds. They were a quick snack.',
 'The heart pumped energy-providing blood that rejuvenated cells. It was a brain-oxygenating liquid.',
 'The durable knife sliced through the fence smoothly. It was enclosing the prison yard.',
 'The storm battered the scheduled flight. It was putting lives in peril.',
 'The heart moved brain-enhancing blood with resilience. It was a powerful muscle.',
 'The sniper targeted the ruthless terrorist. He was a barbaric drug lord.',
